tell me how are things in camp this week
great I think it's been a great start to
camp and even last week I think
trainings gone well there's a huge buzz
among the squadron and obviously you
know with such a big match coming up
this weekend you can just feel the
excitement with everybody i think
trainer's gone very well intense and I
think everyone's buzzing ahead of the
weekend I'm kind of news about injuries
and stuff generally everybody's in good
Nick yeah i think this squad were in a
good place a minute obviously there's a
few injuries coming into the camper what
did with the strength and depth i think
that the coaches are trying to build in
the squad here at the matter given
players like myself as was who've been
out of the frame for the last couple of
tournaments you know the chances to come
in and try and push for our team
selection it's it's it's a good place to
be and I think we're in a strong
position in the squalid minute and and I
think you know given whatever injuries
we have I think we'd have a very strong
side to play this weekend your teammate
and ruined Pienaar what do you think he
might be able to add to the South
African setup and although not playing
will he give them much insight I'm ruin
of course everyone knows he's a
world-class player he's just one of
these guys who seems to have time in the
ball and if he's not involved for South
Africa this weekend he'll definitely be
a loss but i think you know they've got
they've got serious strength and depth
also the other players you can go into
that place into that position and i
think as far as him given them
information i don't think that there's
too much you be able to give away and
you know the South Africans will have
done their the restart still know the
players and I suppose if you I can give
them little bits and pieces little
pointers I'm sure that will help but you
know we maybe have a word on to keep his
mouth Joe's at the state of the season
for both sides and coming into an
international season for us as opposed
to that those guys who are at the end of
a season and coming into their
international you know their away
fixtures at this time of the year what
sort of an impact does that have for
both sides how are completely different
ends the season as you say
I think that you know they how would
they will have huge team cohesion at
this stage they'll obviously be carrying
a few knocks and maybe battered and
bruised from you know a big rugby
championship but you know they'll have
been together for a long time they'll
know each other well they know their
players right well where we've come
together only really a week ago so it's
it's a bit of a change I think all our
players will be fresh we're excited
we're looking forward to a big season
ahead and to try and find out which way
is better I suppose it'll tell given the
end result of the weekend so I think
that's certainly in the squad the middle
everyone's pause and we're looking
forward to a mass of your head and
hopefully we can get the result we want
hope you stay fit well and good luck for
the season thank you